Thank you.
All right.
Do we have?
Oh, so it turns out I need to get injured in order to get Brian's attention.
Am I right?
How did you get here?
I have a meeting tonight.
Were you supposed to come with me?
Or did you forget?
I rescheduled it.
As it seems.
Aww.
How does such a pretty hand get hurt?
You might want to be careful if this ends up affecting the work, Brian won't be happy.
People need to know their place and not touch things they don't deserve.
You're the one who needs to know their place.
Brian, she's messing with your emotions.
You're going to regret it sooner or later.
Get out.
Listen.
Don't mind her.
Jesse's always starting trouble with everyone.
No.
That was okay.
My friend is picking me up.
Is your friend a guy or a girl?